feat(cli.rs): allow passing arguments to the build runner, closes #3398 (#3431)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/refactor-cli-dev-args.md

---
"cli.rs": patch
---

> **Breaking change:** The extra arguments passed to `tauri dev` are now propagated to the runner. To pass arguments to your binary using Cargo, now you need to run `tauri dev -- -- --arg --to --your --binary`.

Reviewer: I am not sure if this simplifies it or overcomplicates it but I am afraid users might miss the double double-dash.

```suggestion
**Breaking change:** The extra arguments passed to `tauri dev` using `-- <ARGS>...` are now propagated to the runner (defaults to cargo). To pass arguments to your binary using Cargo, you now need to run `tauri dev -- -- <ARGS-TO-YOUR-BINARY>...` (notice the double `--`).
```
